EREN ÖZEN
We have made an effective and easy-to-use application where people can easily calculate
their level of damage to nature and fulfill their responsibilities by donating as much
as their damage level. In GUI, database and core classes, so at every point of our 
application, we have took what we learned in the course and added it to it. We learned 
new and necessary things such as how to do research, how to report a project, how to work 
as a group. In addition, I have developed in areas that I think will be very useful in
professional life, such as dividing work as a team and working efficiently and establishing
correct communication between sub-teams. I think I have had an efficient learning process
and gained quite important experiences in GUI, project  development and team  communication 
since I have never had experience in such areas before. What I do not like about the project
is, even though we spend hours on it, design we created does not  look modern at all. I am
aware that this is my first project/design experience, but I do not like  that my first 
product looks like a windows 7 application designed in the 2010 and I am one of the responsible
ones for this situation. The point that I had the most difficulty while doing the project 
was the learning process of the implementation. Sometimes I stared at the screen inefficiently
for hours and found out that the solution was very easy. Jumping directly into topics like
CardLayout instead of  learning in advance drove me into an unpredictable chaos. If I have 
to start the application from the beginning, I would make the task distribution more realistic
(in terms of database and reports) and avoid unnecessary fatigue. I would consider using FX
instead of Swing, so I would make a design that would look much more modern. In the first half
of the semester, although I did not do much work except report, mockup and wireframe design, 
I spent the last seven weeks very intensely and with my sub-teammate Onur, I completed all the
GUI parts and switch to the missing parts of the project. I am very proud of what we have done 
and implemented. Even though there are many applications that calculate someone's carbon footprint,
we have calculated the total damage of users and I think this idea is quite original when other
features are taken into account. We did not give people a random donation value or encourage
them to donate the amount of money they wanted. We have created a mechanism for them to calculate
their responsibility towards nature on their behalf, and this is why I am very proud. The 
creation of our calculation algorithms, the success and accuracy of our reports, the source 
of every data we use, and the reliability of these sources can be the subject we are best at.
Finally, I would like to thank my sub-team friend Onur Ertunç, who was working with me until dawns
dozens of times over zoom. (12.28.2020)
                                                                                                                                                                     
ONUR ERTUNÇ
Since this is my very first project, the first team work experience on this major, and the practice 
of working individually, adapting to the team work was difficult at the beginning, but I adapted. 
In terms of the project, although we did not provide a very complex userinterface, it was beneficial 
to me to understand how to use Java Swing library components while designing a graphical user interface.
In addition, the project taught me the importance of how I can maintain doing project and learning the 
components that I will use at the same process. Doing thisproject, Also I learned the importance of adding 
an idea to the project, I should learn how I can implement it on my work. Although me and my sub-team friend
Eren Özen did not make a well looking, up to date user interface, I spent a lot of time to understand
the abilites of the tools that I used during the process. If I would be at the beginning of the project,
learning the tools, I would also try to learn and implement JavaFX to the project so that at least we
can provide better user interface to users and learn something new in addition to the CS102 course cover.
As my sub-team friend mentioned, the program has quite original points which makes it unique so that I am
happy with the result and the things that I contributed to the project. I would like to thank my team mate
Eren since his motivating attitude to me and dozens of hours spent with me while doing our responsibilities 
in the project. (12.28.2020)

MUSTAFA ÇAĞRI DURGUT
This project was a nice experience for me to put practice my theorical knowledge of Computer science and Java with a
hands on project. I took part in almost every part of the project and gained a real teamwork experience. My first duty
as we shared in design report was designing and maintaining a database for the application. I choose that since this
is a desktop application a local database would be a nice match. Then I decided that SQLite is the best choice for that
because it is light and practical, I added jar file of SQLite in to project dependencies and included into project.
Thereafter I designed the database, DatabaseConnection.java, It includes one table called users and users table includes
14 columns. I tried to code spesific methods to help my friends at front end dont have trouble while connecting. After I 
finished the database, i revised Core classes and connect them to the database, after that I took part in coding Gui.java.
Then after we finished some parts I took part in testing, I found the mistakes that would cause of crashing of the app, and
debugged. Overall, it was a nice experience for me. (12.28.2020)

ALPER MUMCULAR
I think this project was a huge experience for us to see the importance of teamwork. At the beginning of the course, I was 
a little bit doubtful about the project, but after a short time, I started to think we can do this project, and while doing this
we can learn something we do not know. And we learned new things at the end of the project. Although I did not participate in GUI classes,
I learned a new layout style which is CardLayout. Firstly, I did not believe that we can send an email to the user by using only Java code, 
but I was wrong. I did the email sending part, by using activation.jar and javax.mail.jar, and I think it was very good for me to show myself that I was mistaken. In the project, I did the model
classes, core classes, and email classes. I have checked our Requirements Report and UI Report for a long time, and I wrote the necessary codes 
for those classes, and my groupmate Çağrı connected these classes with the database. As I stated before, this project was a really great experience because 
it was our first project. Of course, we have some pieces missing, but since this is our first project, I think it is normal. We did a great job and I am very grateful for
my teammates. Also, I am very thankful to them especially Çağrı because of the database connection which seems really complicated to me, and Onur and Eren because of their works on
Graphical User Interface. They tried a new layout and they did it very well. Whenever I check this project on my GitHub account, I will remember the days we did not sleep and 
my teammates. Lastly, I still believe that our project is still developable. Maybe we can develop the project in the future. Finally, it was a really good project for us to discover new 
things and learning new things by searching them on the Internet or asking our friends.